MICROCANOPEN EDUCATIONAL LICENSE
EMBEDDED SYSTEMS ACADEMY, INC.
MicroCANopen, V2.10, ESA 12-JAN-05

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions before using this
software. Unless you have a different license agreement signed by Embedded
Systems Academy, Inc. ("ESA") your use of this copy of MicroCANopen (the
"SOFTWARE") indicates your acceptance of this license.

If you do not agree to any of the terms of this License, then do not use this
copy of the SOFTWARE.

If the SOFTWARE is used for a project that is rented, leased, sold or otherwise
traded (a "COMMERCIAL PROJECT") then the commercial license is required to use
the SOFTWARE. If the SOFTWARE is used to develop knowledge of CANopen for a
COMMERCIAL PROJECT then the commercial license is required.

This is a free license, with the most important aspect being: YOU MAY NOT RENT,
LEASE OR SELL THE SOFTWARE OR USE OR INCLUDE THE SOFTWARE IN COMMERCIAL
PROJECTs.

Installation and Use. You may install and use an unlimited number of copies of
the SOFTWARE.
Reproduction and Distribution. You may not reproduce and distribute copies of
the SOFTWARE without written permission of ESA.

All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE (including but not limited to
any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and "applets"
incorporated into the SOFTWARE), any accompanying printed materials, and any
copies of the SOFTWARE are owned by ESA. The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright
laws and international treaty provisions. Therefore, you must treat the SOFTWARE
like any other copyrighted material. All copyright notices, this license, header
comments and similar statments include with this distribution of the SOFTWARE
must remain in the source code at all times. No claim must be made as to the
ownership of the SOFTWARE.

THIS SOFTWARE, AND ALL ACCOMPANYING FILES, DATA AND MATERIALS, ARE DISTRIBUTED
"AS IS" AND WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Good
data processing procedure dictates that any program be thoroughly tested with
non-critical data before relying on it. The user must assume the entire risk of
using the program. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF
THE AGREEMENT.

IN NO EVENT SHALL ESA, OR ITS PRINCIPALS, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES,
AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, OR PARENT ORGANIZATIONS, BE LIABLE FOR
ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RELATING TO THE
USE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH ESA.

IN ADDITION, IN NO EVENT DOES ESA AUTHORIZE YOU TO USE THE SOFTWARE IN
APPLICATIONS OR SYSTEMS WHERE THE SOFTWARE'S FAILURE TO PERFORM CAN REASONABLY
BE EXPECTED TO RESULT IN A SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL INJURY, OR IN LOSS OF LIFE. ANY
SUCH USE BY YOU IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU AGREE TO HOLD ESA HARMLESS
FROM ANY CLAIMS OR LOSSES RELATING TO SUCH UNAUTHORIZED USE.

This Agreement is the complete statement of the Agreement between the parties
on the subject matter, and merges and supersedes all other or prior
understandings, purchase orders, agreements and arrangements. This Agreement
shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.  Exclusive
jurisdiction and venue for all matters relating to this Agreement shall be in
courts and fora located in the State of California, and you consent to such
jurisdiction and venue.

All rights of any kind in the SOFTWARE which are not expressly granted in this
License are entirely and exclusively reserved to and by ESA.

